Update contributor documentation (#1292)
elyra-ai/elyra: CONTRIBUTING.md

The [Elyra community repo](https://github.com/elyra-ai/community) contains information on how the community
is organized and other information that is pertinent to contributing.

### Getting Started

Before contributing, we highly suggest reading the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/elyra-ai/community/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md) & 
[Contributor Repo Setup Documentation](https://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer_guide/documentation.html). 
Once completed, it's encouraged that you look under the [Issues](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/issues) tab for contribution opportunites.
For those new to the project or OpenSource workflows, we suggest looking under:

- Issues tagged as [Good First Use](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
- Issues tagged as [Help Wanted](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3A%22help+wanted%22 )

If you are planning to contribute to source code, the following can help you set up your [development environment](https://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer_guide/development-workflow.html).

> #### Suggested Small to Medium Sized Projects

Reviewer: This is a fluent list, so I would suggest creating a tag on github and linking to that, similar to how we did above?

Author: Hi Luciano, I'm not sure how to create a tag for these issues. Could you show me/create the necessary tags for me so that I could link them?

Reviewer: I did create the label, and started adding to some issues:
https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3A%22good+first+project%22

Author: Resolved. Let me know if you have any suggestions!

- Add Support for R Script Editor
- Seamless Integration with S3/COS from Elyra UI (Integrated Browser)
- Implement Debug Support for IPython
- Better Support for Data Processing
- Data Sources Extension, SQL Editor
- Property / Metadata Inheritance / Scopes

Also, we are always open to suggestions for new functionality and/or extensions, user experience enhancements, etc.

#### Asking Questions
Any questions can be directed to the [Discussions](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/discussions) tab. Be sure to add an appropriate category
(ie. `General` or `Q&A`). Other great options include the project's [Gitter Community](https://gitter.im/elyra-ai/community), or the weekly

> [Thrusday Meetings](https://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/getting-help.html#join-the-weekly-community-meetinghttps://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/getting-help.html#join-the-weekly-community-meeting)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Thursday Meetings](https://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/getting-help.html#join-the-weekly-community-meetinghttps://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting_started/getting-help.html#join-the-weekly-community-meeting)
```

Author: Thank you! Resolved.

# Contributing

Welcome to Elyra! If you are interested in contributing to the [Elyra code repo](README.md)
then checkout the [Contributor's Guide](https://github.com/elyra-ai/community/blob/master/contributing.md). 

The [Elyra community repo](https://github.com/elyra-ai/community) contains information on how the community
is organized and other information that is pertinent to contributing.

### Getting Started

Before contributing, we suggest reading the [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/elyra-ai/community/blob/master/code-of-conduct.md) & 
[Contributor Repo Setup Documentation](https://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer_guide/documentation.html). 
Once completed, it's encouraged that you look under the [Issues](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/issues) tab for contribution opportunites.
For those new to the project or OpenSource workflows, we suggest looking under:

- Issues tagged as [Good First Use](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3A%22good+first+issue%22)
- Issues tagged as [Help Wanted](https://github.com/elyra-ai/elyra/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+sort%3Aupdated-desc+label%3A%22help+wanted%22 )

> If you are planning to contribute to source code, the following can help you set up your [development environment](https://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer_guide/development-workflow.html).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are planning to contribute to source code, the [development workflow](https://elyra.readthedocs.io/en/latest/developer_guide/development-workflow.html) can help you set up and build Elyra in a development environment.
```

Author: Resolved.

#### Suggested Small to Medium Sized Projects

- Add Support for R Script Editor
- Seamless Integration with S3/COS from Elyra UI (Integrated Browser)
- Implement Debug Support for IPython
- Better Support for Data Processing
- Data Sources Extension, SQL Editor

> - Property / Metadata Inheritance / Scopes

Reviewer 3: Since these items are more like a roadmap and can change often, I would suggest removing these lines. The link to `Good first project` issues will already list them, and this doc wouldn't have to be updated whenever a new issue with that tag is added/removed.
Then this section can be merged within `Getting Started` above (remove the `Suggested Small to Medium Sized Projects` title).

Author: I completely agree. The `Suggested Small to Medium Sized Projects` would inevitably be obsolete (assuming the projects get pursued). I condensed the two sections. Resolved.
